I had always known that I loved the
sport of each volleyball I started
playing when I was in high school just
kind of some rec leagues with my brother
in Cincinnati Ohio and you know we
didn't play a lot of women's doubles but
I played a ton of co-ed and I just loved
being in the sand and I just love the
two-on-two volleyball I didn't like
endure as much because I feel like I
always wanted to be touching the ball I
was fortunate to win two championships
back-to-back in the WNBA one with
Phoenix in 2007 and then the next year
in Detroit in 2008 I was playing a lot
of beach volleyball in Miami with a lot
of my friends and I was kind of thinking
I didn't really know if I was going to
go back to playing basketball at all and
with six games left I think in the
regular season Bill Laimbeer calls me on
the phone and says schumacher we want
you in Detroit after winning two
championships in the WNBA and kind of
just thinking that you know I've done
what I needed to do with basketball and
you know I met a great man in my life
and I thought that it was time My
partner is Angela Bryan she is a great
partner I couldn't ask for more she
called me up last year at the end of the
season and the AVP had folded so there
weren't very many tournaments going on
we've just playing locally and both of
us were a little bit out of shape so we
didn't have that great of finishes but
we did feel some kind of chemistry this
year she called me up again at the
beginning of the season and I thought
you know it was a good fit and so we've
been playing all summer long and so we
were doing pretty good together
you